#   Sort Algorithms
very important
## BUILT In Sort Method In JS
**arrayVar.sort(compare function)**
**Example**

let arr = [ 6, 4, 15, 10 ];
function numberCompare(num1, num2) {
  return num1 - num2;
}
arr.sort(numberCompare);// [ 4, 6, 10, 15 ]

## Bubble Sort
A sorting algorithm where the largest values bubble up to the top!
### BubbleSort Pseudocode
* Start looping from with a variable called i the end of the array towards the beginning
* Start an inner loop with a variable called j from the beginning until i - 1
* If arr[j] is greater than arr[j+1], swap those two values!
* Return the sorted array

##  Selection Sort
Similar to bubble sort, but instead of first placing large values into sorted position, it places small values into sorted position
### Selection Sort Pseudocode

* Store the first element as the smallest value you've seen so far.
* Compare this item to the next item in the array until you find a smaller number.
* If a smaller number is found, designate that smaller number to be the new "minimum" and continue until the end of the array.
* If the "minimum" is not the value (index) you initially began with, swap the two values.
* Repeat this with the next element until the array is sorted.

##  Insertion Sort
Builds up the sort by gradually creating a larger left half which is always sorted.

### Insertion Sort Pseudocode
* Start by picking the second element in the array
* Now compare the second element with the one before it and swap if necessary.
* Continue to the next element and if it is in the incorrect order, iterate through the sorted portion (i.e. the left side) to place the element in the correct place.
* Repeat until the array is sorted.